Portfolio for Tim Newell

I have worked on many games for both small and large companies over the 18+ years of my career.  I have over 10 years experience working with Unity 3d Game Engine and the C# programming language.  In this time I have touched all areas of Unity from a tech standpoint including writing custom renderpass in UDP and HDRP as well as doing custom shaders.  My 18 years is divided mostly even between mobile and PC game development.  I have implemented games on Windows, Mac OSX, Linux, Steam Deck, iOS, Android and worked on one torque game sdk for xbox 360.  Before Unity I worked with Torque Game Engine plus a variety of home grown engines on various games.  I wanted to highlight 3 recent games that I worked on in this portfolio.

Quantum Derelict was a passion project of mine that I worked nights and weekends on while working at Max Gaming Technologies.  It is a lovecraft inspired rogue lite game that is set on a derelict space ship that took its first FTL jump and things went horribly wrong.  I did the design (with some help on balancing), all of the programming, some of the sound effects/VO, as well as all of the writing.  An 18 minute video of the gameplay can be found at https://youtu.be/6fnkURxOCKw and the game is still up for sale on Steam at https://store.steampowered.com/app/1372470/Quantum_Derelict/ with a positive review rating.  The game is available for Windows, Mac OSX, and Linux/Steam Deck.

Anomaly Corridor was a project I did after I became unemployed for halloween.  It is a corridor anomaly game that is set aboard a space station with alien creatures.  This project was completed in a bit over a month and I did the design and programming on the project.  A 5 minute video of the gameplay can be found at https://youtu.be/u6oG4qPlUi8 and the game is still up for sale on Steam at https://store.steampowered.com/app/3163690/Anomaly_Corridor/ with all positive ratings.  The game is available for Windows, Linux/Steam Deck.

Mechanized Corps: Rebirth was a project that I worked on and off at Max Gaming for many years.  A few years ago another ex employee/owner of Max Gaming and I decided to pick the game back up and update it to modern version of unity, fix any issues, and upgrade the graphics so we can get it playable again for the anniversary of the Dark Horizons: Lore video game.  Since then we have worked in our spare time on adding more and more to the game and making it the best we can with just a few people and no budget.  I would estimate I probably did about 80% of the coding on this project over the years including rewriting the full client server networking in Photon Fusion 2.  A 12 minutes video of the gameplay vs AI can be found at https://youtu.be/k176lmPISEQ and we have received praise from people who have played it.  The game runs on Windows and Linux/Steam Deck and has a demo currently available on steam at https://store.steampowered.com/app/3434530/Mechanized_Corps_Rebirth/.
